Legends for supplementary tables
Supplementary table 1. Compilated quantitation of changes in the proteomes of all
studied cyanobacterial strains. Numbers highlighted in light green are statistically
significant. TTEST.L.LGnM, Student’s t-test of results from cultures in the light vs
cultures in the light with 100 nM glucose; FC.L.LGnM, fold-change from control cultures
in the light with 100 nM glucose/ cultures in the light ; TTEST.L.LGmM, Student’s t-test
of results from control cultures in the light vs cultures in the light with 5 mM glucose;
FC.L.LGmM, fold-change from control cultures in the light with 5 mM glucose/ cultures
in the light ; TTEST.D.DGnM, Student’s t-test of results from cultures in darkness vs
cultures in darkness with 100 nM glucose; FC.D.DGnM, fold-change results from
cultures in darkness with 100 nM glucose/ cultures in darkness ; TTEST.D.DGmM,
Student’s t-test of results from control cultures in darkness vs cultures in darkness with 5
mM glucose; FC.D.DGmM, fold-change results from cultures in darkness with 5 mM
glucose/ cultures in darkness ; TTEST.L.D, Student’s t-test of results from cultures in the
light vs cultures in darkness; FC.D/L, fold-change results from cultures in darkness /
cultures in the light.



Supplementary table 2. Quantitation of changes in the proteomes of all studied
cyanobacterial strains. Results for each cyanobacterial strain are shown in a separate
tab. Abbreviations of column titles are the same as in Supplementary table 1.



Supplementary table 3. Quantitation of changes in the proteomes of Alteromonas
from all studied cyanobacterial cultures. Results from each cyanobacterial culture are
shown in a separate tab. Abbreviations of column titles are the same as in Supplementary
table 1.


Supplementary table 4. Quantitation of changes in the proteomes of Marinobacter
from all studied cyanobacterial cultures. Results from each cyanobacterial culture are
shown in a separate tab. Abbreviations of column titles are the same as in Supplementary
table 1.
