Supplementary Table S3. Description
"All protein identifications and spectral counts provided here are identical to that in Supplementary Table S2 tabs MIT9312_COMETa_All_Data and MIT9313_COMETa_All_Data, including trypsin/lys-C digestion of cells and vesicles and Glu-C digestion of cells only. Each tab contains information from MIT9312 cells and vesicles, MIT9313 cells and vesicles, Blank controls run for MIT9312 samples, and blank controls run for MIT9313 samples. 'COMETa' refers to the COMET parameters used in the proteomic processing by the trans-proteomic pipeline (TPP) that included no enzyme specificity, carbamidomethylation of cysteine residues as a fixed modification and oxidation of methionine residues and clippling of N-terminal methionine as variable modifications. 'COMETb' refers to a second set of COMET searches with parameters specified for the analysis of intracellular prochlorosin precursor identification in MIT9313 that included no enzyme specificity and with all variable modifications including clipping of N-terminal methionine, oxidation of methionine residues, carbamidomethylation of cysteine residues, and dehydration of serine and threonine residues to 2,3-didehydroalanine (Dha) and (Z)-2,3-didehydrobutryine (Dhb), respectively. "
"Here, (averaged) adjusted spectral counts are 1) further normalized to the Hi3-internal standard (CLPB_ECOLI Chaperone protein ClpB OS=Escherichia coli (strain K12) GN=clpB PE=1 SV=1; P63284), defined here as ""Number of specs adjusted normalized to Hi3""; 2) then further normalized to the number of cells or vesicles injected on-column (see manuscript for values), defined here as ""Normalized.specs.adjusted.per.cell or "".per.vesicle""; and 3) lastly 'per cell' or 'per vesicle' are then normalized on the basis of the biovolume differences between a cell and vesicle, defined here as ""Normalized specs.adjusted.per.cell.biovolume"" or ""per.vesicle.biovolume"". Note the biovolume normalized values from ONLY the Trypsin/Lys-C cellular and vesicle proteomes are then used in Supplementary Table S3 for log2 protein enrichment analysis. "
"Additional column information ""Biller et al. 2014 supplementary Tables S2 and S3 for MED4 and MIT9313, respectively"" were matched to this dataset. MED4 Table S3 data underwent BLAST searching to find % homologous protein identifications here for MIT9312."

"For raw mass spectrometry data, analyzed data, and further methodology descriptions, refer to PXD013602 accession number in PRIDE ProteomeXchange "
https://www.ebi.ac.uk/pride/archive/


